Fixed #32620 -- Allowed subclasses of Big/SmallAutoField for DEFAULT_AUTO_FIELD. (#14238)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.1.txt

========

* Corrected detection of GDAL 3.2 on Windows (:ticket:`32544`).

> * Allowed subclasses of the ``AutoField`` classes for
>   :setting:`DEFAULT_AUTO_FIELD` (:ticket:`32620`).

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where subclasses of ``BigAutoField`` and
  ``SmallAutoField`` were not allowed for the :setting:`DEFAULT_AUTO_FIELD`
  setting (:ticket:`32620`).
```
